1.
prerequisites: gcc 4.9+, Open GL 2.1 +, SOIL library (see point 6 for this), ffmpeg (point 6) and mogrify
To compile just type "make" on the command line.
To create video after frames recording in "record" folder user "make video" to create videos (with and without audio)
To clean the project use "make clean". This will delete all videos, recorded frames with keyframes.txt

2.
Pressing ESC will quit the program.

3.
Use: 
There are three modes of programs:
a. playback mode without frame recording: This mode will play the pre-recorded keyframes in keyframes.txt 
with linear interpolation.
b. playback mode with frames recording: this mode will play the pre-recorded mode and also store the frame-by-frame
images in "record" folder at the specified fps. You have to initiate this flag by "./toyTransformers -r" 
c. Record mode: In this mode you can play with toyTransformers and record the key-frames 

Key-binding: 
a. P : this will toggle between record mode and playback mode (default is record mode)
The following key binding will work in record mode:
    S: toggle between car-control and open mode
    G: Grab current frame as key-frame and save into keyframes.txt
    
    In car control mode you can play with car only, like speeding up, turning, lights, headlight etc.
    In open mode you can play with indivisual part independently 
    Contols in car mode:
    ENTER: transform into vehicle from autobot and vice versa.
    'C': toggle between various camera mode
    'N': zoom out when top camera is enabled
    'M': zoom in when top camera in enabled
    'Q': Toggle Directional Light 0 on and off
    'W': Toggle Directional Light 1 on and off
    'H': Toggle headlight
    'Up Arrow': accelerate car
    'Down Arrow': retard car
    'Left Arrow': turn car to left
    'Right Arrow': turn car to right
    
    Controls in open-mode:
    ENTER: transform into vehicle from autobot and vice versa.
    A: transform only arms into vehicular arms from autobot and vice versa.
    L: transform only legs into vehicular legs from autobot and vice versa.
    F: transform flaps and hood back and forth
    T: select torso
    N: Select Neck
    Q: Select Left Arm
    Z: select Right Arm
    W: select left lower arm
    X: select right lower arm
    I: select left leg
    M: select right leg
    U: select left lower leg
    Y: select right lower leg
    <: Rotate selected element about z axis clockwise 
    >: rotate selected element about z axis anticlockwise
    Up Arrow: Rotate selected element about x axis upward
    Down Arrow: Rotate selected element about x axis downwards
    Left Arrow: Rotate selected element about y axis forward rotation
    Right arrow : Rotate selecte element about y axis backward rotation.
    R: reset every rotation about selected elements to there original (before starting rotation stage)
    Num keys (1-9) on main keyboard: select rotation speed (selected integer degree per command)    
    
This code uses OpenGL 2.1.

5. 
Link to report : http://www.cse.iitb.ac.in/~dheerendra/graphics/a2/
Link to youtube video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MTyY5xDMv2Q

6.
Sources used:
ffmpeg: https://www.ffmpeg.org/download.html
Texture mapping is done with SOIL library http://www.lonesock.net/soil.html
Image courtesy: Google Images
Audio courtesy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gWn4Csu3Kc8

7. 
All code is written by me without using any other source except mentioned above.

